Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, in order to make our code more efficient, we are going to be talking about something known as
state management.
And in order to use state management, we are going to be using one of the most popular recommended
package known as provider.
Okay, so now what you have to do is to head up to your browser and head up to pop dot dev.
And over here we are going to search for provider.
Okay.
And you have to click on this first link over here.
And the next step is to copy this code and add back to your voice code and then your post back dot yaml
file and you can see I already have it.
All right.
Okay.
And now back to the lead directory.
We are going to create a new folder and we are going to call this folder pro Vidar.
Okay.
Now, basically what we want to do is to create the functionality in order to enable users being able
to have the item to the account.
So it's in the provider within the provider directory.
We are then going to create a new file and we can call this five cards or maybe cards on the score provider
and then go dot and we can use control and B to make this wide OC.
And now the first step is to create a class and we can call this class cards or maybe cards provider.
And we have to extend from something known as change notifier.
What this will basically do is it will listen to the changes the user is making to the cards.
That is, if they are incrementing the cards or documenting the cards.
So what this change notifier will do is it will listen for that changes the user is making to that card
and update it real time OC.
And now what we then have to do is to create a variable and we can just go ahead and specify it is a
type of learner and it is also a type of list because definitely users are going to be able to have
multiple products to the account.
Right.
And it is also a type of the products model.
Okay.
This is the product model with some of the models dietary and this is the model we are referring to.
And now we can call this label on this call list and default.
We are going to set this list to equal and see since we do not have any product added.
So our cars at this stage continue to be.
And you can see currently what we simply did was to create a variable sorry, not a variable, but the
class was to create a class called class provider.
And we are extending from something known as chained notifier.
And like I said, what this would basically do is it will listen for changes we are making to our cards
and update it real time.
And over here we created a variable called on the score list, which is a private right and it is a
type of products model.
And definitely users are going to be able to have multiple products with their cards.
Right.
So it is also a type of list.
And you can see currently we make this table private, right.
And because of this, we cannot assess this variable outside this file.
So now what we can do is we can create another variable to override this.
To do that, we are going to be talking about something known as Kita.
Okay.
All we just have to say is to specify, again, that this variable is a type of list and also the type
of the products product model.
And we have to say get and we are then going to call this variable get items.
Items.
And all we just have to say is return on the score list.
On the score list.
Okay.
So now what we are basically doing is we are using this over here to override this.
Okay, great.
And what we can also do, we can get the length of how many products has been added to our cards.
To do that, we have to create another getter and we can just go ahead and specify.
We are expecting a number.
So this is going to be a type of eight and get and we can call this getter count and all we just have
to say is on the score list.
Then at length and over here we could also specify it can be no or make it no label.
Okay, great.
And now we can then create a function to hard item to our cards.
To do that, we can create a void.
And we are going to call this function hide hard item.
Sorry for my English.
Okay.
Item.
Sorry.
Parentheses and this.
Okay.
Now, within the parentheses, what we have to do is to pass the fields.
We want to heart along to our cards.
And the field is going to be this product model field.
So what we can just do is we can copy all of this or we can just add this one by one.
Okay.
The first field we want is going to be string name, comma and double.
Double prize.
Right.
And.
And quantity.
Quantity and.
List.
At least this is going to be image your URL list image.
Image.
Image r l sorry.
Image what you are l.
Okay.
We also want the.
This is going to be string and document.
The comment, I'd.
And lastly, I think this is going to be a string.
Seller ID.
Sorry for that vibration.
Is control necessary and you can just have it.
These are all the fields we want to add to our cards or we want to have when the user is holding a product
to their cards.
Right.
Okay, so we turn this parenthesis.
Now, all we just have to say is to create a finer.
And we are going to call this product.
So.
Products.
And it's going to be equal to the products model products.
You can see it automatically pass all these fields and you can see what's in the parenthesis.
It's basically just use all the data we have over here.
Right.
Okay.
Sorry.
I think we're missing this in stock.
Okay.
So we have to have that right.
Ain't in stock.
Okay.
This is basically it.
And.
Although you image your URL.
Images.
Sorry, there's going to be images.
Okay.
And check.
Images.
Well.
Over in this segment at least can be assigned to.
I think we made it.
Once we made its list.
And I think over here, we're just going to check that quickly.
Sorry.
We have to change this.
This is going to be this list of image lists.
Right.
Okay.
And let's see, four other heroes and why we need this.
And this is basically it.
Okay.
And all we just have to say now is to call the on the score.
Least agreeable.
And Dodd had.
Right.
And we want to have the product.
This product.
Right.
Okay.
And this and lastly, we have to call something known as notify listing.
So listing for the changes the user is making.
And this is basically it.
Right over here.
We created a class which we call the cards provider, and we are extending from something known as State
Notifier, which we basically listen to changes we are making.
And we created a variable called underscore list.
It is a type of product and definitely we are going to be able to add multiple items to our cards.
So it is a type of list.
Right.
And you can see currently we made it on the score, which means we cannot assess this variable outside
this file, which means it is a private and we want to be able to assess it outside this file.
So what we did was to create another variable or a guitar called get items.
And what we basically did was to override this.
So instead of calling this outside this file, we have to call this get items and basically the list
has a return to get item has, right.
Because we are basically just overriding.
Right.
Okay.
And we also wanted to get the the how many products has been added to our cart.
So what we did was to create another getter and we call this count.
And what we simply just said was to say a list on the score lens.
On the score list.
Sorry.
And you know, that's so hard item to cut.
We created a function called hard item and once we basically did was to pass all the fields we want
to be added to the cart.
And one of the fields we need is the name, the price, the quantity, the stock, the image URL, the
document ID and the string, the sorry, the seller UID.
And over here we created on that variable called products and is equal to the product model.
Right.
And we were able to pass in all these fields over here.
And what we are simply doing is we call the underscore list.
Then we are adding that product to our cart and over here we are calling the notify listing to check
for that changes.
Okay.
Hopefully you understand.
But if we don't, you can do what?
Let me know.